{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hey Roberto!\
Surprise\'85 I accidentally decided to add a bit more data to this paper (sigh, yes, I know). \
\
A couple things about these files:\
\
1. Filenames (3D nests): the first three letters denote the colony (e.g., DD1 is a colony, DD2 is another colony). The number in the middle denotes the date (they all have the same date). The last number denotes the frame number and side. So 4a and 4b would be either sides of the same frame/comb (frame #4). They\'92ve already been flipped to match. Each colony has 10 frames in it, but I deleted frames that had no comb built. \
\
2. Filenames (other apis): there are three different species (florea, andreniformis, dorsata). The number denotes the colony, A and B are the two sides (i.e. Florea4b is florea species, colony 4, side b of the nest). \
\
3. The pixel values/classifications should match the other maps we\'92ve done before. For the 3D nests, the only possible classifications are: nothing (white), honey/nectar (greenish), pollen (orange), brood (blue), empty comb (grey). For the 3D nests, they\'92re all defaulted to worker comb, in other apis, we did differentiate between worker and drone comb (with drone in the darker hues). \
\
4. For the other apis nests, we could only define cells as containing either: capped brood (blue), honey (greenish), or empty comb (grey).  But we were able to differentiate between worker and drone cells (darker hue).  So there\'92s an abbreviated set of nest contents (e.g., there\'92s no pollen). \
\
}